Your TA's name:

Students in your studio group:

    Name        WUSTLKey (e.g. "a.bear")
	
1.Josh Gilberstadt josh.gilberstadt
2.Asa Kalish       a.kalish
3.
4.
5.
6.

Below each question, type in your short, to-the-point answers.

Question PS1: The time and tick graphs of the quadratic program 
look like parabolas while the graphs of the linear program look like 
lines.The linear program has a single loop while the quadratic program has
a loop inside of a loop, which accounts for the difference in shape
of their respective graphs.

Question PS2: The time required for the linear program to run is
much smaller than the time required for the quadratic program to run,
so slight fluctuations in the run time are much more apparent in the
linear graph than in the quadratic graph.
	
Question PS3: The tick graphs all have the same shape while the time
graphs have very similar shapes. The values of the tick graph with
the tick added to the inner loop are larger than the original
graph while the graphs with the tick added the the outer loop and
top level are the same as the original graph. The values of the time
graph with the tick added to the outer loop are smaller than
the original graph while the graphs with the tick added to the inner
loop and top level are almost the same as the original graph.
	
Question PS4: The time and tick curves are proportional to n squared.
		
Question PS5: The time graph has the same shape as the original graph
with smaller values while the tick graph is linear and has smaller
values than the original graph.
	
Question A1: Both graphs are flat lines. Both graphs are independent
of n. This is because the amount of time it takes to add a single integer
is independent of the integer's size.
	
Question A2: The data tell us that the time is proportional to n. The
provided code does not have a run time independent of n.
	
Question A3: The ticks do not agree in shape because the allocates code
fills a matrix of size n while the other code simply adds the value n.
	
Question A4: The plots are more similar to each other than before. This
tells us that the time required for allocation is directly proportional
to n. It probably takes the same amount of time for each value of the
array to be filled.

Question A5: The group using the decimal representation should finish first.
The tallying group takes x amount of time while the decimal group 
takes log10(x) + 1 amount of time. The decimal representation starts to 
require fewer marks when x equals 1.

Question A6: It should take log2(x) amount of time to write x in binary.
The ratio of binary marks to decimal marks is log2(x)/log10(x). 

Question A7: Choosing between the logarithm options and the unary 
option is more important because the logarithm options are both 
exponentially faster than the unary option.
	
Question C1: This curve is quadratic. The curve can be represented by
the equation y = 0.5x^2.

Question C2:

Question C3:
	
Question D1:
	
Question D2:

	
	
